whatsapp raises the right staples arden
well found for this episode of
danger dott
today we will do the third tutorial on
the use of butterfly knives also
said several songs today more
precisely I want to show you
we said an upgrade of the first tutorial
that I showed you or the pen dow
this trip I like to call it
tactics hang because you end up
that hold the knife in this
position like when someone was standing
let's say, however, the point of construction, why not
we can use both say for one
guard position that if yes
wants to hold a gun and a
knife with say this
so we said the tactical configuration is
a very comfortable trick and I don't
quickly see how you can see
also quite fast to accomplish e
so okay sorry you the tutorial
good guys in this bari video
zong we will treat a trick let's say a little
more serious than last time
I remember that last time was
let's just say an explanation of the basic
opening this what I will show you
today is what I like to call the
tactical appeno dow is let's say a species
of modification of the hang a normal that
allows you to find yourself with the
knife in this position as per
uncorking no is a very simple trick
this too we say the first tricks
they will always be simple we used to say level
beginners so if you want more trick
complicated make sure they will arrive
also those
anyway for today's trip
we will always start with explaining to you
the handle the handle for the first
trick is always the same or palm
open and handle without secure that
rests in the palm of your hand in
diagonally then close the grip
as if you are holding a key of
a car and you want to open it
I like to describe it like that
this sort of good grip for the
three-day today you will have to do the following
movements
the first step will be practically the same as
what you do during the basic
opening or leave the handle with the
safe and the blade and to turn the wrist in
this way so that the palm of the
your hand points upwards by doing
however this movement will have to do that
you will have to do something physically
penney normally is not done ie
you will have to place it on the inner side
of the handle without the safety of your finger
index
in this way so that the thumb e
the index are resting on the
same side of the handle
while the remaining three fingers are
on the other side of the handle
I'll show you again
once this is achieved
configuration we can move to
next step or throw back
the handle with the safety and the blade on
these two fingers obviously if you have
followed my instructions on how
hold the knife at the beginning of
trick you will end up with the non part
sharp of the blade that will end
on the fingers if you have followed badly
the instructions are likely there
you will leave your thumb at each
so reached at this point you will have to
simply throw back the blade
the handle with the safety in this way
how to do a normal in the tent
ok once this point is reached le
things get quite complicated
you will have to do more movements in a short
time frame the first move from
do will be to push with the
index the blade and the handle with the safety
down like this
while doing this you will have to rotate the
so you can take it in
this way you will have to push on the blade
and meanwhile turn it so as to
being able to pass with the thumb
on the other side of the handle
while doing all these steps
you will have to take advantage of the swing that
is generated by dropping the
handle and the blade to be able to say
complete the turn of the knife a
butterfly and join the two handles into
this way
ok now i don't do it all again
slow motion so you can understand
all movements well